Changelog:
v1.0a(2017.2.3):Release beta
v1.0b(2017.2.10):Now supported v7.02. 
v1.0c(2017.2.14):Added huskar, phantom_assassin, crystal_maiden.
Optimized the operation of picking up the runes.
v1.0d(2017.2.23):Added centaur,doom,slardar,veno.
Now the ai team will pick random lineup.
v1.0e(2017.3.1):Added ursa,silencer,skeleton_king,lion,legion_commander.
V1.1 (2017.3.19):
1. Added luna, necrolyte, undying, treant, tidal hunter, slark, riki, spirit_breaker, vengefulspirit, clinkz.
2. Optimize the decision to buyback, AI only buyback at a critical moment now.
3. Temporarily enable the default lane assignment system, AI will now leave the lane that player wants.
4. Added the usage of shrine, AI will take the initiative to use shrine and notify other players now.
5. Optimize the operation of the courier, the courier will stay in the secret store for 10 seconds, rather than immediately go home. AI will use the courier's burst spped skill now. The messenger will avoid the enemy's attack.
6. Fix the hero sometimes follow the courier bug.
7. Delayed AI push time, when their level is low, they will tend to level up at lane.
8. Improved Chaos Knight and viper's item building.
9. Improved a number of skills casting details.
10.AI will purchase support items, including wards and dusts now.
11. Hero talent upgrade is no longer affected by the dota update.
12. Added the operation to buy items at the sideshops.
v1.1b(2017.3.28)
Added qop,dazzle,leshrac,jakiro,drow ranger.
Fixed shrines' bug.
Fixed item building bug when human player bought courier.
Improved spirit breaker's charge of darkness usage.
v1.1c(2017.4.15)
Added dk,stealer,bane,lich,nevermore.
Fixed the bug of item building.
Updated Tranquil Boots' recipe.
Added the use of some items.
v1.1d(2017.5.7)
1.Added 10 heroes:night stalker, juggernaut, axe, razor, sand king,oracle, sniper, blood seeker, bristle back and earth shaker
2.Fixed life stealer attempt to use ult on enemy hero.
3.Improved the usage of shrine.
4.Fixed item picking.
5.Improved spirit breaker's charge usage, he will use it more carefully.
6.Improved crystal maiden's nova usage.
7.AI will not pick rune when human player coming.
8.Improved usage and puchase of Anti-hidden item.
V1.1e (2017.5.16)
1. Updated the 7.06 item recipe.
2. Now all heroes will try to purchase six items.
3. Optimized the item building of some heroes.
4. Improved the warding system (thanks to Improved Default Bots)
5. Fixed the bot will use tower glyph after tower destroyed.
6. Fixed the Queen of pain stucked in the woods.
7. Fixed the Axe the probability of stuck after blink.
V1.1f (2017.5.21)
1. Added the Spectre, Sven, winter wyvern, pugna, antimage, faceless void.
2. Fixed Lion can not use ultimate ability.
3. Fixed some heroes (oracle, drow ranger, earthshaker, silence) items building error.
4. Fixed some heroes who have blink that may be stuck in the woods.
5. Fixed the logic of the spirit breaker charge into the crowd, and now he will only charge into crowd with allys' help.
6. Improved spirit breaker's charge, and now he will never charge into the enemy high ground in the early game. 
7. Improved necrolyte's ultimate ability, and now he will use the ult move earlier
8. Fixed treant can not use the tree eyes.
9. Improved use of riki's ultimate ability, and now he will use ult when the nearby enemy is enough.
10. Improved use of all blink ability.
11. AI's hero selection time will be delayed by 10 seconds.
12. A slight increase in script performance.
v1.1g(2017.6.27)
1. Improved AI to be more cautious when they into the side shop.
2. Improved the purchase of anti-invisible item.
3. Huskar, chaos knight now will build armlet.
4. AI will buy gems in the later game.
5. Most heroes will not waste skills when enemy has immune buff such as abaddon's borrowed time, winter wyvern's winters curse, Linken's Sphere.
6. Improved dazzle's ability 1 to save magic.
7. Improved qop's ability 1 to reduce the tower diving.
8. Improved winter wyvern's ability 3 to avoid interference with teammates to kill, and in more cases to help teammates in the non-combat state to restore life.
9. Temporarily removed the signal when using shrine.
Now the program uses the GPLv3 open source protocol license, the use of the source code should follow the agreement.
v1.1h(2017.7.10)
1. Added warlock, windrunner, omniknight, tiny, death prophet.
2. Fixed lich can not level up talents correctly.
3. Fixed lich can not bulid items correctly.
4. Fixed skywrathmage,lina,huskar,abaddon can't use ability.
5. Fixed a bug where the necrolyte would cause the game to crash.
6. Improved some heroes item building.
7. Improved pugna's decrepify usage.
8. Fixed the bug that did not properly sell the other boots after buying the travel boots.
9. Improved the ability usage of some heroes.
10. Earthshaker will now buy ahalilius scepter.
11. Fixed silencer do not use ultimate ability.
12. Removed debugging information from the release version
13. Fixed the bug of contending for the courier.
14. Now AI will share the tango. (Thanks to BOT EXPERIMENT's author)
v1.2(2017.8.23)
1. Added Team Gank system: AI will buy and use the smoke to kill the enemy hero
2. Improve the Rune system, AI will recognize the type of the rune, and consider whether it is suitable to pick up the rune. AI will leave the rune to the most suitable hero. AI will avoid possible dangers.
3. Improve the lane assignment system, AI team will first consider the lane of human players, and then select the most suitable route. Thanks BOT EXPERIMENT author: Arizona, I used part of its function.
4. Improve the item purchase systeam, AI will ensure their own security before going to sideshop.
5. Improve the Shrine usage, AI will be waiting for the nearby human players before using shrine.  (not tested.)
6. Improve the use of the courier, the courier will try to escape the danger zone. The courier will pick up the items in advance to save time. The courier may wait more time when the human player uses it.
7. Improve the use of tower Glyph.
8. Raise the priority of the line mode.
9. Slightly lower the priority of the warding.
10. Fixed When the hero item slot is full, the courier will still try to deliver the item.
11. Fixed qop, antimage, faceless void, can not correctly use the blink error.
12. Fixed dazzle can not correctly use the shadow wave (ability 3) in some cases.
13. Fixed jakiro use ability 1 on the friendly heroes
14. Fixed lion use ability 1 on the friendly heroes
15. Fixed death of the prophet use ability 1 on the friendly heroes
16. Fixed tide hunter blink into the friendly heroes group.
17. Fixed undying use ability 1 on the friendly heroes
18. Fixed ursa blink into the friendly heroes group.
19. Fixed shadow shaman  can not correctly use hex in some cases
20. Fixed silence Warlock sometimes can not open 2 abilitys ball error
21. Fixed spectre can not use ability 1 when stuck
22. Fixed spirit breaker wrongly calculate the enemy power in some cases.
23. Fixed winter wyvern wrongly calculation damage caused by the use of 4 abilitys
24. Fixed part of the hero can not use the ability to kill jungle creeps.
25. Improve Faceless void to use ult ablility better, it will avoid affecting friendly heroes.
26. Improve Bane to use nightmare better, to avoid interfering friendly heroes.
27. Improve slark to use ult ablility better, it will be more likely to use this ability when attacking.
28. Improve venovenomancer to use ability 3 better, it will be more active to damage enemy heroes
29. Improve sven to use ablility 1 better, it will be less used to clear the lane.
30. Improve warlock to use ablility 3 better, it will use this ability later
31. Improve riki to use ability 2 more often, it will be more active consumption of enemy heroes
32. Improve axe to use ability 2 better, it will not use the abilitys before using the blink.
33. Improve necrolyte to use ability 2 better, it will use the skills in more cases
34. Slightly improve doom to use ability 3 better.
35. Slightly improve pugna to use ability 3 better.
36. Updated some hero's item building (lina, ursa, zues, jakiro, omniknight, riki, lion, luna, nevermore, facelessvoid, ogre magi, phantom assassin.)
37. Fixed some heroes stuck in item building.
38. Improved some hero's ability building.
V1.2b(2017.10.2)
1.Added 5 new heroes, alchemist, ancient apparition, arc warden, gyrocopter
2.Significant improvement in AI defense system.
3.Slightly improve the courier behavior.
4.Slightly improve the team smoking roam system.
5.Fixed some early items that were not sold at the later game
6.Fixed AI can not correctly carry TP problems.
7.Fixed can not correctly buy items in secret shops and side shops.
8.Fixed Life stealer will use ultimate ability to itself, thus solving the stuck problem
9.Improved Leshrac to use ability 2 better.
10.Improved Undying to use ablility 1 more accurate
11.Improved rune pick up in game starting.
12.Improved the purchase time of gem, and now a team will only buy a gem
13.Improved ability build of Venomancer.
v1.3 (2017.10.30)
1. New push system, AI will be scattered stations when push, and will choose a more appropriate time to push the tower. AI treatment of the lane also improved. (Thanks to Army Bots author pilaoda, I made improvements on its basis)
2. Improved warding system.
3. Supported the captain mode. (Thanks BOT EXPERIMENT author Arizona Fauzie, I used some of his code)
4. Fixed some heroes trying to buy a observer ward when there was no inventory.
5. Fixed some of the heroes will send debugging information.
6. Fixed Dazzle rarely use the shadow wave in the teamfight problem.
7. Fixed a problem that the courier sometimes stuck after being attacked.
8. Fixed a small problem with Huskar.
9. Fixed Sniper always like to use the ultimate ability on the very far enemies.
10. Lion and Warlock will be interrupted casting in dangerous conditions, to prevent being killed.
11. Fixed Winter Wyvern sometimes use the ultimate ability only on one hero.
12. Fixed Riki sometimes dive tower when he use the blink strike.
13. Slightly lower the desire of rune.
14. Slightly adjust the team smoke ganking system.
v1.3b (2017.11.3)
1. Update item components, ward position to adapt 7.07 version.
2. Slightly improve the push system, AI station will be more appropriate.
3. Now heroes will not use their ability on friendly illusions.
4. Fixed some issues of the Bane, Earth shaker, Lion, Warlock and Death prophet.
v1.3c (2017.11.7)
1. Fixed a lot of bugs made by the Valve updated the internal structure of the game API. Now the hero can correctly upgrade abilities.
2. Fixed a few items building bugs.
3. Optimize the script program structure.
v1.4 (2018.1.1)
1. Added 20 new heroes: batrider, beastmaster, bounty hunter, brewmaster, broodmother, chen, dark seer, disruptor, earth spirit, elder titan, enchantress, enigma, keeper of the light, lycan, magnataur, medusa, mirana, monkey king, pudge, sand king.
2. Update all heroes talents and abilities building to fit the latest version.
3. To commemorate the famous professional player, the AI will now use professional player name of TI's history.
4. Several bug fixes.
v1.4b (2018.1.8)
1.Overall improved push system, the game process will be greatly accelerated. AI will be based on the positioning of the hero to push or farm, but also the push timing has been delayed.
2.Improve the use of courier, players will now use the courier priority. (Thanks BOT EXPERIMENT author Arizona Fauzie, I used some of his code)
3.Added 7.07 new item usage.
4.Adjust the warding desire, there will be more time warding.
5.Adjust the hero selection phase, now the team will not be able to continuously select five heroes.
6.Improve the item building system to prevent the equipment synthesis failed.
7.Improve the use of Sven' storm bolt, and now he will rarely use a storm_bolt to clean the creeps.
8.Improve the use of Keep of the light' illuminate, and now he will predict enemy?беs position.
9.Fixed some heroes who use the wrong recipes of Force Staff and Monkey King Bar.
10.Fixed Zeus does not use the lightning chain to farm.
11.Fixed Tide Hunter does not use the ultimate ability.
12.Fixed Monkey King does not upgrade the skills.
13.Fixed some ability bugs of Winter Wyvern, Lycan, Ancient Apparition and Arc Warden.
14.Fixed some heroes will interrupt casting in sometimes.
v1.4c (2018.2.28)
1.Improve the lineup selection, now AI will consider the player's heroic position to build a team with one hero in each position.  (This change is done by DblTap, thanks for his effort! His Steam link: http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197967823929/ Github link: https://github.com/adamqqqplay/dota2ai/pull/3)
2.Fixed some bugs.
v1.4d (2018.3.3)
1. Improved Lane assaignment, now AI will choose more suitable for their own lane, and where possible, give player the lane.
2. Fixed AI can not choose all implemented heroes.
3. Improve: Now support heroes will give priority to ward on their own lanes.
4. Fixed heroes can not switch power treads.
5. Fixed Mirana can not level ability after level 12.
6. Fixed Spirit Breaker sometimes abnormal cancel the charge of darkness.
7. Fixed some heroes do not purchase ward.
8. Fixed unused issues after purchase courier.
9. Fixed heroes may wander in pushing.
V1.4e (2018.3.23) Commit by zmcmcc
1. Updated the Alchemist's item and ability building. Now the alchemist will choose Battle Fury instead of Radiance. After the update, the alchemist is expected to increase the speed of farming.
2. Updated the Phantom Assassin's item building. Now the Phantom Assassin will get the Black King Bar earlier to ensure survival.
3. Updated the Antimage's item and ability building.
4. Updated the Crystal Maiden's item and ability building. Now the Crystal Maiden will provide better mana support in the early stage.
5. Temporarily remove Spirit Breakers from the selection lineup.
6. Updated the Jakiro's item and ability building.
7. Updated the death prophet's item and ability building.
8. Improved Chen's willingness to summon monsters.
9. Updated Lich's ability building.
10. Updated Sand King's ability building.
11. Updated Mirana's item building, now Mirana will have an Aghanim's Scepter earlier.
12. Updated Dazzle's item and ability building, now Dazzle prefers treatment.
13. Try to fix some bugs about courier.
v1.4f(2018.3.25) Commit by zmcmcc
1. Updated the Juggernaut's item and ability building.
2. Updated the Shadow Fiend's item and ability building. Fixed a bug that SF cannot learn lv.15 talent correctly.
3. Removed travel boots from Alchemist's item building, due to bots' poor use of it.
4. Updated the Centaur's item and ability building.
5. Updated the Magnus' item and ability building. Now Mag will purchase blink earlier, and will use skewer more likely on retrating rather than chasing enemies.
6. Updated the Faceless Void's item and ability building. Now void plays carry rather can offlaner.
7. Updated the Wraith King's item and ability building.
8. Updated the Sven's item and ability building.
9. Updated the Treant's item and ability building.
10. Updated the Medusa's item and ability building.
v1.4g(2018.3.25) commit by zmcmcc
11.Fixed some bugs casued by former updates.
v1.4h(2018.3.31) committed by zmcmcc
1. Updated the hero selection and role allocation. Bots will try to avoid picking heros with duplicated roles. Also slightly changed the hero selection pace. now ally bots will not wait until you pick a hero, but the duration of two picks was slightly prolonged.
2. Temporarily remove these heros: Alchemist, Antimage, Spectre. 
3. Get Chen back.
4. Optimized the Captian Mode. Now if you let Bots to ban/pick, they will try to ban/pick with the same hero pool as in AP mode, and will pick in this order: Offlaner, support1, midlaner,support2,safelane carry. I also try to let them have a 311 distribution, like professional game(If the feedback is bad,it's easy to go back to 212).
Two important things:a.If you are the captain, please follow the Offlaner, support1, midlaner,support2,safelane carry order to pick! The bots will only go to the right place in this case. b.In some extreme cases bots will pick two same heros(I tested 15 games, one occurs). If that happened, just quit and start another game...
5. Now bots will be laning more peacefully in the first 6-7 minutes without frequent team fight in mid lane.
6. The following heros are either in item building, ability usage or bug fixed: Batrider, Centaur, Chen, Death prophet, Disruptor, Dragon kignt, Faceless void, Huskar, jakiro, Juggernaut, Legion commander, Leshrac, Lina, Luna, Mirana, Necrolyte, Phantom assassin, Pudge, Riki, Sniper, Sven, Tidehunter, Tiny, Treant, Undying, Windrunner, Zeus.
7. Fixed some bugs.
v1.5(2018.4.8) committed by zmcmcc
Thanks the author of Bot Experiment Master, Arizona Fauzie。 I used and modified part of his code.
1. Fixed the bug that bots cannot ward; temporarily remove the purchase of gem and smokes.
2. (Not sure)Seem to have fixed the bug that bots won't release couriers.
3. Now your supports will share you a single tangle, no matter what role you play. Please stay in fountain for about 10 seconds. 
4. Doom now will be able to devour netrual creeps, although still in low frequency.
5. Enchantress now will be able to charm netrual creeps, although still in low frequency.
6. Temporarily removed Spirit breaker and Elder Titan because of some serious bugs.
7. Re-added Antimage, Spectre and Alchemist, but their performance is still lower than expected.
8. Improved the ability and item building of the following heros：Skeleton King, Sven, Doom, Enchantress, Chen, Broodmother, Queen of pain, Lich, Crystal Maiden, Bounty hunter, Blood seeker, Dark seer, Luna, Gyrocopter, Void, Beast Master, Zeus, Lycan, Pugna, Sniper, Clinkz, Chaos Knight, Drow Ranger, Razor, Keeper of the light, VS.
9. Optimized the retreating decision for most heros. Now bots will only use abilities with stuns or other debuffs when they must retreat.
10. Some detailed optimizations about initial item building.
11. Some bugs fixed.
v1.5b(2018.4.13) committed by zmcmcc
1. Added new hero Outworld Destroyer, Naga Siren, Terrorblade and Templar Assassin.
2. Now if bots didn't choose a safe lane support, the other support will buy the courier.
3. Some heros will now purchase Aeon Disk.
4. Fixed the bug that bots will pick duplicated heroes in Captain mode.
5. Slightly adjust the ability usage of Centaur, Slardar, Ursa etc. so that they are less likely to miss their stuns.
6. Rewrite the ability usage of skeleton king. Althogh he still can't use his third ability correctly, he has better ability use now.
7. Rewrite the ability usage of pugna. Now his ult still has some problems(Similar to SB and ET) but has better ability use now.
8. Rewrite the ability usage of tidehunter. Now he can use gush correctly.
v1.5c(2018.4.19) commited by zmcmcc
1. Added new hero weaver and shadow demon. However, he cannot use his shukuchi like human.
2. Added recent created heroes in Captain mode.
3. Fixed a bug that Witch Doctor, Lina and Oracle cannot buy items.(May also be the reason why sometime bots didn't buy courier).
4. Added Witch Doctor in AP mode.(A mistake in previous versions)
5. Optimized windrunner, Pugna, monkey King, alchemist,venomancer, doom, OB and clinkz.
6. Now bots can give you two tangos if you play locally.Please don't buy tangos until they give you.
7. Fixed a bug that you can get extra tangos if you drop tangos on the ground.
8. Fixed a bug that bots buy couriers in 3 minutes and don't release it. Now if bots don't buy courier in the beginning, it means they will never buy it. Buy one by yourself then(lol).
v1.5d(2018.4.27)
Update item building of Dota2 v7.14
v1.5e(2018.5.6) commit by zmcmcc
1. Added new hero Phantom Lancer, Troll Warlord and Nyx assassin. For now NA cannot use burrow.
2. Kunkka is back with better ability use(not perfect though).
3. Temporarily removed Tiny due to his third skill bugs.
4. Optimized ability usage of Centaur, Disruptor, Bristleback, Winter wyvern, Weaver, TA, Medusa, wind runner, Antimage, QoP, batrider, skeleton King, OD, bounty hunter and brewmaster.
5. Optimized the usage of magic stick，wand and bottle.
6. Further optimized the usage of stomp-like abilities. Now enemies' movement speed and cast delay will be better considered.
7. Added judgement of whether stuck on cliff for broodmother, slark and earth spirit. 
8. Fixed some bugs caused by v7.14.
v1.5f(2018.5.16) commit by zmcmcc
1. Added new heroes Tusk, Shredder and Furion.
2.  Optimized ability usage of TA, QoP, Underlord, Disruptor, Wind Runner, Sniper, NA and Drow Ranger.
3. FIxed some bugs.
4. Updated v7.15 bounty runes.